here we fantasize we don't forget about
matches play course for those who recently
once again all friends connected
hello this is live from
gif e-sports allen to be honest well
Of course this is a live studio
wargaming.net leagues gold playoff series and
first season of the thousand fourteenth
years very serious game between court
Whipley
fifth card of the first set and maybe
Now we will know who will be ahead by
account and maybe there will be events for i don't
want i don't want korea like some
girl undecided here I want or
I do not want to want to see here is the following 2
There are maps of the tank standing so that we later
haifa but here 10 minutes sandy river well
Like on experience she somehow will pass quickly
and maybe not projects from the need to look
This card from the bottom base guys of course
on technique 332 of 3 weaving 69 tails reproach
you are such a versatile setup from the bottom
base contact the total without a harp
legendary overshot
world view yet order tune up from
kst where went home he can handle but no
photos that's it that there is something why
left could not want to risk
either case the quartz is done and on
decisive 5 cards and they can make an account
1 1 and her go to additional cards
first set of not only be able to here
beat the opponent in the middle
dice not nakosyachat not to jar not
Deer call it as you like
tremendous damage benefits such
in the arma of orbizs got look not under
not bad so far in the replay
exchanged
leaves why under the nine nine
substituted Galakhov deprived immediately
to push at the torus 400 234 he vanshotny
you can break a visa after dinner and or could
armor pick up taken here albasty
pressure center fell out and shook
tagged picks up biarritz deuce
choose humana now should too
pick up in an hour will take everything all beat
this is a draw after five cards friends first
the set becomes interesting
Europe warm themselves know
past their fights on and said they went to
an attack of the volume pr is not in vain after all
the loss is not for nothing that they did not attack
risked they did not attack last
map they
I poured something on it, they still
felt confident on the map mines
and that means we will have additional
cards so we have the first set
delayed and our pause
for now there will also be a little bit later
but honestly well, I still want a number on it
I want to see the sandy river
it would be such a wonderful
opportunity in rarely appears so similar
talk trying to leave the river well
First, he's here with.
and he frame that most important thing on and the whole
gang for him here leaving writing you can
there is no noise
batting which remains with us one actor
on t1 here of course nothing does everything
it becomes 11 almost right now
he will be after five course cards could
to equalize the first set and we will go
1 additional card and this is the card
which is played under the first number a
this is not himmeldorf accidentally is she
in principle on himmedsdorf and then if
that mines then ruinberg but i
confused probably Khimki will be started
ruinberg play before the cruiser there for sure
no one will go to war thing will for sure
df and here on the first map and on Khimki
also virgins on Khimki any attacks and then all
one hour of terrible 14 minutes there
look at the twigs tanchiki they are beautiful
all remember well out then get out on
himmelsdorf
it was with us for a long time we have a way back yes
okay okay nothing wrong to be honest
i here we must be friends upset
because we